Hello and welcome back to Learn English
with Minecraft Hardcore. My name is
Kenzo and this is English from the
ground up.
So, in this video, I want to dig down to
the bottom of the world. Right now, I'm
going to build some pickaxes. I'm going
to need more than one stone pickaxe.
And I'm also going to cook some of this
meat that I got. [music] Let's cook the
beef. Let's cook the pork chop. Okay, I
built one, two, three, four, five more
stone pickaxes.
Let's build one more. There we go. Six.
Six more stone pickaxes. Let's get our
meat.
All right. Now we have 10 steak. And I'm
going to cook this raw mutton. Then
let's go. All right. There we go. Two
cooked mutton. And let's go start
digging down.
All right, let's dig down right here.
[music]
Let's see. Do I have a shovel? I don't
have a shovel. I'm going to quickly
build a shovel. Two sticks, [music] one
cobblestone, and we can build a shovel.
Okay, now with our shovel, let's dig up
the dirt.
All right. Now, we can switch to our
pickaxe
and let's dig down. Oh, is that coal? I
think that's coal.
Yeah, we found some more coal. Oh, and
some iron. Finally, I found some more
iron. Now, we can finally build a
shield.
Let's keep going down.
Ah, my first pickaxe broke.
Let's move on to the second pickaxe. The
second pickaxe. And it's beginning to
get dark, so let's place a torch.
Aha. More iron.
More iron.
Nice.
Oh, and there goes my second pickaxe.
Now we're on to my third pickaxe.
Oh, here's some dirt. Let's switch to
the shovel.
All right, it's time for another torch.
Ooh.
Okay, here it [music] changes from stone
to deep slate.
That means we're getting pretty deep.
[music] And look, we found some gold. I
think you need an iron pickaxe to
[music] collect gold. So, I'm going to
leave this and keep digging down.
This deep slate takes a long time to
mine. Ooh.
Amethyst.
Ooh, okay. I found some amethyst.
Oh, I fell down. Let's place a torch.
Whoa.
Let's collect this amethyst.
I got four amethyst shards. Well, let's
continue digging down.
more gold
that I can't pick up.
[sighs] Gravel. Okay, I'm going to break
the gravel and place a torch.
Aha. And I'll break the gravel and place
a torch.
Oh, there's a cave up there.
Okay, I'm going to go up there and look
around.
Diamonds. [music]
I found some diamonds. Our first
diamonds. Wow.
But again, I can't pick them up because
I don't have an iron pickaxe.
Oh, I need an iron pickaxe.
I have a crafting table. I'm going to
make a furnace.
So, I'll place the crafting table and
I'll build a furnace.
There we go.
Furnace.
And now I'll smelt this iron with coal.
Okay, we have three iron ingots, which
is enough to build an iron pickaxe.
And using our iron pickaxe,
let's mine these diamonds.
Here we go. Let's see how many diamonds
we found.
One, two,
three.
Three diamonds.
Uhoh.
Let's throw away this andesite.
The diamond fell down.
Diamond.
Did the diamond fall down here?
Let's go look.
Where did it go?
Oh, there it is.
I see our diamond jump.
Oh no, a creeper. Die, creeper.
Oh, another diamond. Let's collect this
diamond.
Another one.
Any more? Any more diamonds here?
No.
Okay, we found five diamonds. I'm going
to go back up to the surface. Okay, I'm
going back up. Let's get the rest of our
iron.
We're going back up the long staircase.
And now I can pick up this gold using my
iron pickaxe. Uh, let's throw away
some granite. And let's pick up the
gold.
More gold.
All right, let's see. I found 12 gold.
It looks like it's nighttime up on the
surface.
All right, here we are. Oh, creeper.
Die, creeper.
I'm running to my house. Let's close the
door and go to sleep.
I can't sleep because the creeper is
outside. Can I sleep now?
No. [laughter]
Let's smelt this iron.
And let's smelt this gold.
And with our five diamonds,
let's build a diamond sword. So, let's
use two diamonds
to build a diamond sword. And then with
these three diamonds, we'll build a
diamond pickaxe.
One, two, three diamonds.
Two sticks makes a diamond pickaxe. Now,
we have eight iron, so we can build a
shield right here.
And let's equip the shield. There we go.
Now I have a shield. Can I sleep? Yes.
Now I can sleep.
A creeper. I'm going to kill this
creeper with my new diamond sword.
Die, creeper. Die.
It drops some gunpowder. Die, spider.
Die. Die. Die, skeleton.
shield.
I blocked the arrow with my shield.
And I'm going to end this episode right
here. Like and subscribe. And if you
would like to practice English with me
and other learners, I just opened my
English from the ground up Discord
community. [snorts] You can join for
free [music] by clicking up here. Thanks
for watching and I will see you in the
next video. See you.
Is this the best it's ever [music] been?